we just have to ensure that the pressure we put on is so whole
in the middle of a lot of power and sort of playing the season even less
In addition, for a year, we should also like to rely on our own strength and
dun supports our mood audience again we have to make sure we are just beautiful
party is being built
yes they were all low all the all comes together the bad three come then
that can come as a surprising result today that the deliberation is something
not good and
the turnover of supermarkets
so by today the first set is the first few points equally sharp
start and that he grab the first set
because ea do
we still want to show that there is nothing for nothing so high and we
like to live here for a while
well the question the Amsterdammers mainly schools but we have to lower
every once in a while
even worse there is to win
and whether there are any rules that will that attracts after the match
I have to say I think this is doing very well, it is better anyway
than many people had thought
it is still a good team for players together
a compliment that I think was but yes but I want to win you
We must say that after the left row in an attempt to get the audience in one
fascinating television all the trimmings
So today before it looks like a gentlemen governments global warming
but becoming a champion this is not it is absolutely not raising
a proposal for this every possible point
and they also wanted a ticket on their results that everyone offers
everybody
just go for a nice walk with the ball you have to do that
year
this year
never mind
h
Yes
Hey
anyway the remaining 3 2 victory the region
or löw a little bit about as austria there was at 4 2 points that
last three sets
yes i'm not serious about researching the whole summer
run
the sneakers ordinary was just really good
and real could end the media narrowly the first lost
to a second central too fast that said lead names and the December did not
has come to the surface
and I think the victory for your benefit is due to one that was
the banks have seen a pre-selection about the cases
in particular
it all makes them huge advantage of the rus
yes i think we are just here the competition management at the moment there is one
number by you and you in you can bet someone and not those states
right after that is what you now as a coach in
live there
everyone contributed a bit today so that says fantastic
it doesn't really look good
yes the judge
the judge in europe
also nice in
what are the key job where a corner want to turn why do I know
how we are done all the time and at that time do not agree with that
perhaps
yes under one
we will be weak by three months
bankers do russia
I have lived oversee
this site
and yes
I think we are in public
not always good so she played everything on the outside and a good block
of the legion
we also remain as an animal lover
nice